TedX Talk
(https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9_tYXFbgjZk)

666 Workout
(https://www.popworkouts.com/kobe-bryant-workout-routine/)

About Mamba Academy
(https://heavy.com/sports/2020/01/mamba-academy-kobe-bryant-sports-training-center/)

3 Crucial Principles of Kobe's Mamba Mentality
(https://www.stack.com/a/mambas-mentality)

"If you see me in a fight with a bear, pray for the bear."

This was a quote favorited by the late Kobe Bryant as it encapsulated his Mamba Mentality.


Curious
Relentless
Fearless
Here's more on these three principles, how Kobe lived them and what we can take away.

Curious
Your curiosity must exceed your ego to become all you want to become. You must learn to ask questions, then learn to ask the right questions. Both of others and of yourself. Kobe's curiosity led him to find answers where others didn't know where to look—right in front of them.

One way to tap into this curiosity is the acronym W.A.G., which stands for Watch, Ask and Get Coached. Watch those who have skills you wish to attain. Approach them and ask them how they learned that skill. Get coached up by that person or someone else who knows the skill better than yourself. This is essentially what Kobe did throughout his career.

Relentless
"I want you to know that it doesn't matter how hard you work, that I'm willing to work harder than you." Kobe told Jay Williams, in his story recounted with Tom Bilyeu.

It's this type of attitude and language that fuels GRIT, that fosters a relentless nature. You can perhaps relate better to what Kobe enjoyed about the quote about fighting a Bear. It doesn't matter the opponent, because ultimately you are your greatest opponent.

There is no way around the work. Be relentless, because somewhere the ball is still bouncing and someone else is still getting in the work required to be great.

Fearless
To be fearless is not to act without fear, but to act knowing that the action will conquer the fear. Your courage gives you the capability to conquer. Consistent courage builds greatness.

You can step into the Mamba Mentality, but more importantly what is your mentality? What is the mentality you can create and call upon? How quickly can you shift to this mentality when it's required of you?

Build your courage by building your belief in yourself. Remind yourself daily of your capabilities and you'll more clearly see all of your possibilities.
